I'm often asked is science and
religion compatible that are
they
forever in conflict it the
answer is simple it's simple if
your religious views contains
testable claims about the
natural world be ready for them
to be shown to be false
are you ready for that that that
happens often
ok so if you're not ready for
that then you will have a life
of conflict evermore you and
your descendants in their
descendants in the like the
enlightened religious people
view science as a means of
decoding nature nature that they
feel in their heart of hearts is
created by God perhaps but they
view science as a means of
learning about nature rather
than the Bible as a means of
defining nature if you look at
the world that way you will
never have a conflict with
science Sciences are guiding
light for how the universe works
so all this conflict that
everyone talks about that unfold
if you are fundamentalist
religion and you are certain
that every word in the Bible is
the literal truth of an unerring
creator of the universe
yeah you're gonna spend your
life fighting everything and
fortunately that's the minority
of all religious people so it
doesn't hold society societies
attempts to advanced
civilization invoking the
methods and tools and
discoveries of science and
technology that doesn't hold
them back too badly but
understand the consequences if
you want to bring religious
philosophy into the science
classroom you will stall the
technological progress of your
society thereby rendering
rendering the future of your
society in capable of competing
economically this the 21st
century where innovations in
science and technology
are the engines tomorrow